#Psychology 

The research of "The Pathology of Boredom" by Woodburn Heron.
Experiments by psychologist Hebb in 1951. 

When you are so bored out of your mind, you start hallucinating, and basically being on drugs without being on drugs. Your mind starts creating geometric figures, dots, lines, and then more disturbing things like babies. You start seeing images that you cannot stop seeing. They were experimenting on students. The students were seeing the images. Some of them were even dreaming while awake. Hallucinations would start very simple in the beginning like seeing spots, lines or simple geometrical designs then the vision became more complex with abstract pattern repeated like a design on wallpaper or recognizable figures such as rows of little yellow men with black caps on and their mouths open. Then the pictures started getting more disturbing. The pictures started intervening with their sleep and they could even scan the scene as if they were looking at real pictures. They cannot control what they see. They kept seeing the same picture no matter how hard they tried to change them. Their eyes were tired from focusing on the pictures. Some people heard people talking. One man repeatedly heard a music box playing, and another saw the sun rising over a church and heard a choir singing in full stereophonic sound. Some of them reported that for several days after the experiment they were afraid that they were going to see ghosts. Things started escalating from hearing, seeing and then actually feeling. They reported that they felt another body lying beside them. In one case their bodies overlapped partly occupying the same space. Someone reported that their mind seemed to be a ball of cotton wool floating above their body. Or something seemed to be sucking someone's mind through their eyes.
After emerging from isolation, the participants reported that things looked curved, near things looked large and far things looked small. When examining their brain-waves, slow waves which are normally present in sleep, started to appear when they are awake after a period of isolation. Other than that, they were restless, they were desperate for stimulation, they tried to distract themselves by whistling, singing or reciting poetry. They even attempted to make a conversation with he experimenters.
Conclusion: The brain ceases to function in adequate way and abnormalities of behavior develop, that a change in sensory environment seems essential for human beings.
P.S: Make more research on this subject and on this experiment.