#Islam 

The Babyls were before the Pharaohs, and they were higher and richer, but the pharaohs are made to look richer, because the Jews are the ones controlling the internet. The internet is made by stern© which is funded by the Richard family(jews), so the internet is being controlled by the Jews.

The source of stoicism, is power. To be a Stoic, you need power. Power exists in many places, like meditation, the universe, ladies etc. . Allah says there is no power but in him, so before going to meditation, universe or the ladies, you have to go to Allah. If you ask Allah for power for the sake of him, he will give you the exact amount you need. If you don't ask him and just go for it, you either won't get it, or you will get too much that you can't handle, and you will break.

Deeds are payment in the REAL world. If you have money you can get on a bus, if you have more you can get a taxi, a car, a better car and so forth. The more deeds you have, the more things you can achieve. The fastest way to climb the steps of perfection (note steps of perfection) is to remember Quran. If you look at angels, they look at 2 different people and think wow, he knows 2 surats, and the other one knows 5. Of course im gonna protect the one with 5, so you may look at people, one guy may have 4 weak angels protecting him, and the other 200 and 10 very strong ones. Of course the other guy will have more stronger demons go at him because they see a challenge, so there will be a whole war happen that he cannot see going on, but maybe he could see how he is being very protected and lucky in the real life, while the other is just being protected from 4 weak angels

Allah says in the Quran that no region will be changed, without the wills(imagination, 3d printer monitor) of the people living there being changed

Visualize life as a 3D printer. Whatever you draw on the monitor, gets realized and created. Shaitan tries to manipulate and change what you are drawing, but each time you pray, each time you remember Allah, read Quran or do any good, the drawing also gets changed but for the better. Also, when you try to change the image, shaitan tries to manipulate you into changing not the image on the monitor, but the one-time 3d print, so the next ones after it won't be changed like the first. The picture on the monitor represents your heart, soul and imagination that visualizes and creates the world around you. Wether you imagine the world to be good or bad depends on you.

There is a question that kings and smart people have always been trying to solve. Is the human a creature of freedom or something (don't remember the word). So does the human have a free will, if he chooses to drink water in 30 minutes than he does so. Or is the human destined to drink water in 30 minutes. You could be planning to go to the mall in 30 minutes but find yourself in the shower by then. So the destiny idea could be imagined as if the human being a remote controlled car. So the thing is who you choose to give the remote to, to shaitan or to Allah.

How to find out if info is from shaitan, or from Allah? If you pray, that means you automatically chose the path of Allah, you automatically give the remote to Allah. And shaitan will still try to get you wrong info, but if you refer to the story of Ibrahim(AS), it will explain everything. It could seem that Allah is letting you get false information because he knows it will do you good in the future!

Life changes depending on what are you reading in the Quran. If you pay attention, whenever you change chapters or surahs, your life seems to change as well. There are specific surahs for specific things. It doesn't show that much in the first time (with attention you can still see it), but you mostly see it when you are remembering, not reading. For example there is a specific surah for beautiful girls.

The story of Ibrahim(AS). He wanted to find out, who Allah actually was, so he became a muslim. He asked Allah who he is and asked him to show him the way, show him the true path, you Allah truly is. So he asked and then went looking. Went to the people who pray to the stars and got all the power he could from them, but it seems he's getting more than their religion could explain, so there is a boundary to their religion, yet he knew a god should have no boundaries. He went to the moon praying people and got even more power, but again a boundary. He did that some times and finished with the sun praying people. Then, after seeking Allah in everything, Allah personally rewarded him with a secret we all don't know about. So the path has to take a bunch of little important steps along the way. There is no other way to escape that.

In summary it is veeeeeery important to pray, because thats the most important thing that lets you not get the wrong power. And learn Quran so you climb the steps fast and correctly

So the most important thing we learn, is to pray, the biggest source of power. You will never reach what you want without praying on time daily. Also I wanna start reading and remembering Quran from the end to the start.

Also note about the Russian war. Let’s look at all arab contries. They’ve all been at war for a very long time, the evil is trying to pit them against each other, but now it seems the counter have came with the start of the Russo-Ukrainian war. It seems it’s time to pit the evil big guns against each other.

Everything about the web is bad, so programming is bad, but maybe you were meant to destroy it, or to change it to the good, from the hands of evil to the hands of good. Even the devil who created it doesn't know were it will end up. Maybe the cast will be reversed on to the caster. The only way to find out is istikhara and praying daily, and everything will go according to plan.