#Islam 

Meditate by not thinking about anything, block all shaitan thoughts, if a thought is from God, then it cannot be blocked. To find out if it is from God, if you can’t block it out, say fine, and think into it. Once you sink in deeply and not just think about it, but think about how it is working. Is it flawed? What are the flaws? The meditation that Muhammad did in the cave is wrong, and thats why he stopped it after he met Jibreel.

They eyes of an eagle, of a cat, a dog and a human see entirely different things(colors for example). So us not shaitan doesn't have to be something that's tied to physics, our bodies just weren't made for seeing them. Some people said to have entered the world of shaiateen, which is dangerous even for the shaiateen themselves, have been said to instantly get gray hair, because their body can't handle seeing what they have seen. We should not seek what we are not given.

Let's look at the observer effect, while looking at an electron it can change its state and what it shows. What if that light is alive? What if demons and angels transforming to human or other kind of bodies is the same as just them changing their state depending on you looking at them or whatever?

It is said (maybe in the Quran) that there is 7 skies, and 7 earths for each sky just like the one we are on, that we know nothing about. There are gates been discovered on earth to other worlds, which are probably these worlds. It is said that a gate has been found by Hitler where he "killed himself", and even in Elbrus. People found a weird gate, where anyone who goes in, does not go out. Weird things started happening in the village and they called the authorities. Some investigations happened for a couple of weeks then bam, 2 aircrafts came and bombed it. He said that videos and photos exist.

Also there is a story that a sheikh found writings on leather in a cave, he didn't understand anything but that it is tied to christianity, so he gave it to country church, which also didn't understand anything because the writing was some old very hard language that they didn't understand, but they knew who did. The Vatican. They sent the writing to Vatican, upon which Vatican instantly sent tons of people to investigate, it became a very confidential area, they found tons of writing like this one and just took it, while they couldn't take all the writings to themselves because the governments interfered, which are of the same if not more power than the Vatican. So they had to split the writings 50/50, and that's it. But it weren't it for the people. Some really opposed because they didn't like the Vatican keeping secrets away from them, so the Vatican had to respond in some way. They said okay, but we can't let everyone see them because that will be chaos. YOU pick 12 people that will read the writings and explain it to you. The elections started but just like always, the GOVERNMENT somehow rigges the elections, and all 12 people are working with the government. So after reading the scripts one of them changes his mind, like no, I shouldn't lie, this can't be. So 11 people said that it was the same teachings that the Vatican was giving out, but that one guy said no, we are working with the government, they are lying, what is written is that our whole religion is wrong, christianity says to fight with swords instead of love everyone, christianity is much closer to Islam. They, of course, where trying to shut him up and all that, but it seems the things he read really changed him. It is said that the people that lived while Christ was alive rewrote the original Bible and buried it there, which were the writings that we are talking about.
