#Self 

Every question that has a religious answer, also has a scientific answer, because everything happens with science that god has created.
If you see a miracle right in front of your eyes and you are an atheist, you will probably start believing in god until you look at it closely, and actually find out that through extensive science research and experiments, turns out its explainable by science. Thats the point where people start ignoring the religious side of it. But, *just because its explainable using science, doesn't mean it's not god.* God actually created this thing, HE made it happen, but with that science. He created that science! He made it happen. But he didn't just 'make' it happen like a miracle, he created a hole scientific system for it, so it doesn't break the balance of the universe. You might ask, well, since he can do anything, can't actually 'make' it just happen without breaking the balance? Well, let's say he could, but, why would he do that? He can create it beautifully with a whole system to it that doesn't break physics or the humans brain, so why doesn't he do it this way?
Now, the point above only proves that it doesn't not have to be god if it is explainable by science. It doesn't prove the existence of god.
They point above makes all miracles of history in the Quran a lot more logical.
Back to the point of every question that has a religious answer, has to have a scientific answer(even if it is a theory, it counts as an answer).
To make someone actually start believing in God, is impossible using science and basic questions and religious answers. (since theory also comes with scientific answers) Okay, so we have to find another way. One way I've thought of is using the Quran. History, facts that shouldn't be known and etc.
In our age of science and technology, it is very hard to believe in god, especially if you learn science, because it answers everything, every question you have. So science is god?
So to make someone believe, it has to be either pure evidence, or religious answers that are way better than the science answers, which is extremely difficult. Also could be a great idea to make the one you are trying to convince, to read the Quran, and maybe the Quran itself will make him believe with its incredible power.
Note: Tell him: "You have the Islamic knowledge and I have the will to know, science and determination. Lets combine ourselves and come up with new theory's"
Tell him: "You have the knowledge of your lifetime, I have determination. Please tell me about things that you think will help me, and please answer the bunch of questions that I will ask"

When you are trying to find and prove a fact, proving it when you already know the answer is much easier than when you don't, as proven from all maths, science and even programming. So if you want to prove something, look for something you know the answer to, for example in the Quran. For example: earth is the centre of the universe.