#Self 


Situation:
	I knock on the door to go in
	Dalia says: “Yes yes”
	I go in
	Dalia says: “Why did you go in”
	I say: “Because you said yes”

Situation:
	I ask her to wear something proper, because she is wearing a tank-top that looks like a freaking bra.
	She starts for some freaking reason getting frustrated, says some stupid shit, tells me to tell her to wear stuff only when I am buying her clothes. Then I say that its a completely normal question, why is she making herself like that. She says please go to the city park and buy me chips, I'm quiet for 5 seconds, literally nothing to say to stupidity to this level. She says: Completely normal question. But lets compare changing all of your clothes, going to the mall, buying the chips, going back home, changing clothes again to just wearing a freaking shirt. Does it compare? Of course, she doesn't answer to that properly, but then brings me another example, she says, okay, can you change your clothes please? These clothes are really ugly? I tell her why the heck, I'm not calling your clothes ugly, I just asked for a simple freaking favor of changing your freaking shirt, why are you making this a problem. I say that this tank top just makes me uncomfortable, which it does. She says yea yea your clothes are ugly and they are making me uncomfortable. I say at least I'm you're lying and I'm not. She says, no seriously, they look very bad, this style is very bad. I'm kinda shocked, okay, so you are really not lying and really think they are bad? How so? Why are they ugly? She says well, maybe you should look in the mirror. I say okay now, isn't this a bit too much? Aren't you going over the line for a simple favor? A little bit too much disrespect maybe? She says naw fam you're doing the same thing! I try to look for an example, a proper example, because this idiot doesn't process proper freaking situations because she doesn't have the mental, social and logical capabilities of it.
	I say, okay, what if I go out with no clothes, in the house, no pants, nothing, and you ask me to wear something, I say, only when you buy me my clothes will you be able to tell me what to wear. She says, well, I'm not wearing pants and you're not wearing pants. What the heck? She says, I'm not not wearing pants. I say, I'm bringing the same type of examples you are bringing and you are saying the same thing! Alright, at this point, this is really a what the heck situations. Usually, when you argue with someone, after about 10 mins after the brawl. You start coming up with stuff that you could've said to absolutely destroy your opponent (if you're right of course, but also, sometimes both sides are right) But there's nothing I can come up with, that could fit in this dimwits brain. Anyway, I was destroyed by the amount of stupidity, this was so trashy what the hell, my brain couldn't process how this level of stupidity can exist. This is were I ran out of my limits and did the wrong thing. I got so frustrated that I started calling her dumb, stupid, pure stupidity, pure idiocy, "умственно отсталая". Now I'm not saying that that's not true, she is a downright degenerate. But I shouldn't have said that, because you can't say that to your sister, even if she is one. So yeah. She doesn't react too badly to it, but after that, random goofy things started happening. She says okay, get the hell out of here and shut up, I say who the hell are you to tell me that and for me to listen to you, of course I'm not gonna listen to someone who takes a normal question that personally. She says aw yea, I know you won't listen, you never listen and I know you never will. I ask her, then why the hell are you telling me to shut up, if you know I'm not gonna listen. Then she shut the hell up. Lessons today: Logic and examples don't work on Dalia, there is no way to counter her because she is "always right". Mother is smarter because even if she doesn't take logic, she does take examples and maybe even a little bit of logic. But of course, she is also "always right".
	Also note about the "always right". In the middle of the "fight", while I'm telling her the example and saying that its a normal question. She says that oooh I just have to be always right. Like, what the hell, I'm bringing a basic example and trying to show her that its really not a big deal, how does these things connect? This is why there is no logic!
	Next time don't use logic and don't use examples. You can't control the fact that she is an idiot and that she thinks that she is always right. Don't think about what you can't control, focus only on what you can. If she is damaging your PC. Stop making her play on it, fix the problem with the rooms. Don't let it happen, make her fix whatever she has damaged, be strong and annoying if needed. 
	The writing of this problem was purposed for maybe coming up with ideas for the novel, and for understanding the nature of this brainless creature,  which ended in a failure.